End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")

Last updated: January 16th, 2018

Please read this End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") carefully before downloading or using Labor Union Regular ("Software").

By downloading or using the Software, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not download or use the Software.


License

Tom McAuliffe grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, license to download, install and use the Application solely for any purpose strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.


Restrictions

You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:

a) sell the Software to any third party.


Term and Termination

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Tom McAuliffe.

This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from Tom McAuliffe, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application and all copies thereof from your mobile device or from your desktop.

Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the Application and delete all copies of the Application from your mobile device or from your desktop.


Severability

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

Amendments to this Agreement

Tom McAuliffe reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

Contact Information

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact Tom McAuliffe at tmcauliffe@ithaca.edu. 

